# PyBer Rideshare Analysis
The goal of this analysis is to find more information on the average PyBer rider fare.

## Findings
- Part 1: We find that average fare per ride and also the average fare per driver are lowest in urban cities and highest in rural cities, despite the fact that urban cities have the highest revenues from rides across the three groups. This is most likely due to the fact that there are fewer rides taken and also fewer Pyber Drivers in rural areas so the total fares collected are not spread as widely across these parameters.
- Part 2: When we break down the fare data by date we see that that from January to April, the ridership as reflected by the average fares collected each week vary. In all city types, January seems to have the lowest ridership. In urban cities, there is a peak in the average fare occuring about twice a month, with the highest average fare being collected at the beginning of March and mid-April. In both suburban and rural cities, the highest average fare collection occurs in mid-February with farely stagnant ridership in March/April. Overall, the most variation by week occurs in Urban cities.

## Conclusions
- The implication of these findings is that while cities have the most ridership and bring in the highest revenue, there is much variation in ridership throughout the season and so the average fare per ride and per driver may be skewed depending on the time of year. Rural and Suburban ridership data seems more consistent based on the line graph with low average fare collection in January, increasing more dramatically in February and the hovering around constant levels through March and April. This tells us that the average fare per rider and driver vaues from before may be a more accurate representation of these city types throughout the year. Furthermore, if you're a driver you can probably expect more consistent wages per ride in rural/suburban cities where as your earnings could be more impacted by time of year if you drive in the city. The tradeoff to driving in urban areas despite the lower average fare/driver is having a greater frequency of ridership.
- These findings seem consistent in the broader context of these city types. You would typically see higher car ownership in rural/suburban areas therefore negating the need for rideshare services. Urban cities have alot more traffic, making rideshare services a more attractive alternative to car ownership. Furthermore, during colder winter seasons, one would expect more people to stay indoors and so lower ridership in that month makes sense as well. 